yeah what's up people my name is Trey
welcome to my review for hunting hunter
episode 130 tonight and this was
actually a pretty short review cuz not
that much happened but that does not
mean this episode is not important okay
we have a crazy character development
going on with gone we all know I
actually don't know where he's gonna be
at in future because the man is tearing
through between two highly potent
emotions okay on one hand we have
sadness you know for the loss of his
friend knowing that he won't come back
to life and guilt cuz he think that he's
put kite in this situation and wasn't
for his actions kite would not be dead
and on other hand we have rage raised to
the fact that never p2 did kill kite and
a lingering and very hungry urge for
revenge okay he wants to avenge his
friend's death now which side of gun
will prevail
I do not know man the man right now has
no pupils okay and the eyes are the
windows to your soul so I cannot tell
what he's thinking he has even though
he's an anime character he needs pupils
okay you're all a man some people's but
he's going through a depression state
right now his mind is completely all of
it at the end episode palm and Kluber
are really worried for him and we had to
see what's gonna happen later on man so
he I don't know I don't know what's
gonna go down with gone but one thing
interesting about this episode was that
nephew p2 like now shoe PUFA is annoying
as hell alright he's getting on my
nerves now and hopefully someone puts a
stop to him and too much flying too much
playing too much sneaking around and too
much appearance of new powers I'm like
wait hold on he could do this too so we
learned this episode that dude the fact
that she who can break himself down to a
molecular size he's actually able to
mimic or I like impersonate another
person through physical means and
through voice so that's not good he
actually used that trick and with the
help of wealth and he uses that to his
advantage to trick never pizza you know
to get her under his on his
the strings okay cuz he's trying to pull
all the public strings okay try to be
the puppet master but no I have it okay
she was such a butt down swing you are
royal guard go guard something okay
you're not the king
all right anyways so it seems like an F
repeaters mind she knows that she is no
longer under arrest she doesn't have to
abide by this boys rules because she has
nothing to lose except her own life you
know but I don't think she looks at
going and step mincing of a threat right
now and I'm curious of what she would
have done like if if they did still have
Kaimuki hostage
what did she go all that way for if she
knew kite was already did from again she
took the man's head off if she knew
there was no going back from that why
would she put this rule so long I guess
to maybe lead to lead the boy into a
processes lead to lead him to that trap
emotional trap okay give him the
breakdown give him take up his guard
but then that raises the other question
why hasn't she had attack gone yet okay
I'm pretty sure going is wide open
can we easily receive some damage from
one effort because it blows right now
and I just don't know what she's doing
or what's the plan maybe she lied too
maybe she actually can't bring kite back
and she's just doing this because she no
no it has to because she's no longer
mean has he had no one only has any
leverage over her hey I don't know I
don't know what's going on so yeah
that's the interesting thing to think
about for all our anime readers out
there no no no manga spoilers but uh
it's also revealing this episode of how
palm powers work operate basically a
crystal ball in her head can see three
people at one time so that's interesting
how that works and I'm pretty sure
that's gonna be coming up a lot later
Manus Frank we used some intricate
scheme to actually you know use her
powers in some utilized way or maybe
hinder her some way but that's all I
gotta say about this one man gone is
growing some full breakdown mode man
kite is out of there man I mean I didn't
to be able to bring tie back England the
man lost his head I don't you usually
like I don't know no storyline we're so
lose their head and still be surviving
okay even the chimera ants have a
lifeline tank of the head
and they're gone kites no different okay
so our IP to Kaito and hopefully gone
emerges from this more stronger and more
you know just doesn't end update okay he
doesn't end up in trouble never pizza
cuz right now look like she has sought a
car she's actually brung out dr. blight
to heal herself I don't remember her
getting injured but maybe she did you
know there's been a lot of episodes yet
the Camaro and art is thick okay I think
you see what when is art start like
episode 70 some beyond 130 right now so
the arc is literally gonna be half of
the whole Hunter x Hunter series is
gonna be chimera ant arc dang was it
this long in the manga I'm just curious
guys I know I'm asking some questions
that I should not be asking but I just
want to know and all the manga reads out
there based on if you read this manga
section based on how long the manga has
been running when do you think that the
last chimera ants episode will be will
it be like aa 150-160 I mean how long I
would bother going right here Mac but
cuz I love so many characters man but I
do want to see his dive into a different
side of Hunter x Hunter universe okay
even we've been up in this area for a
long time I don't see some new things
okay overall this episode was alright I
give it a four out of five yeah that's
it alright and my station out of here
comment below peace out